nifta asks what's the right time to
clean your PC and replace your thermal
paste for that first one I'm going to
have to put on my dad face here if you
have to ask if it's time to clean your
PC you need to clean your PC a little
bit of dust buildup isn't going to short
something out and ruin anything but it's
unhygienic and takes just a couple of
seconds to blast away with a can of
compressed air or one of those cheap
little rechargeable blowers as for
replacing thermal compound as long as
your temperatures are within the safe
rated spec for your parts then you
probably don't need to replace it
although can never hurt because cool
electronics are longlasting Electronics
thanks nexo for sponsoring this short
you can learn about their nexo gripon
case at the link in the video
description